feat(baselines) Add FedRS baseline (#4547)
adap/flower: baselines/fedrs/README.md

## About this baseline

**What’s implemented:** Performance comparison between `FedAvg`, `FedRS (alpha=0.5)` and `FedRS (alpha=0.9)` on VGG model and CIFAR10 with avg 5 classes per client (`Table 5` of paper)

The reproduced results are not exactly same as Table 5, although they do show that FedRS performs better than both FedAvg and FedProx under label skew.

**Datasets:** CIFAR10

> **Hardware Setup:** The paper samples 10 clients for 1000 rounds. GPU is recommended. The results below were obtained on a machine with 1x NVIDIA L4 Tensor Core GPU, with 16 vCPUs and 64GB of RAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Hardware Setup:** The paper samples 10 clients for 1000 rounds for experimentation, with GPU support recommended for optimal performance. The results below were obtained on a machine with 1x NVIDIA L4 Tensor Core GPU, with 16 vCPUs and 64GB of RAM.
```

**Contributors:** [@flydump](https://github.com/flydump)

## Experimental Setup

**Task:** Image classification

> **Model:** A 9-layer VGG model with 9,225,600 parameters and without batch norm. 

Reviewer: VGG11 should contains 11 layers?

The paper uses a slightly different partitioning scheme, where samples for each class is divided into equal number of partitions, and allocate N shards (across all classes) to each client, such that each client has 5 classes on average.

**Training Hyperparameters:** Table below shows the **default** training hyperparams for the experiments. Values are from the original paper where provided (e.g. learning rate, momentum, weight decay)

| Description | Default Value |
| ----------- | ----- |
| strategy | fedavg |
| scaling factor for missing classes (alpha) | 0.9 |
| fraction fit | 0.1 |
| local epochs | 2 |
| learning rate | 0.03 |
| momentum | 0.9 |
| weight decay | 5e-4 |
| number of rounds | 1000 |
| batch size | 64 |
| num shards per partition | 5 |
| model | vgg11 |

## Environment Setup

```bash
# Create the virtual environment
pyenv virtualenv 3.10.14 <name-of-your-baseline-env>

# Activate it
pyenv activate <name-of-your-baseline-env>

# Install the baseline
pip install -e .
```

If running with **wandb**:

```
wandb login
```

## Running the Experiments

> ## Table 5 (Performance comparisons with standard FL algorithms (VGG11))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run experiments in Table 5 (performance comparisons with standard FL algorithms with VGG11)
```

| FedAvg (default) | `flwr run . --run-config num-shards-per-partition=2` | 
| FedProx (0.0001)| `flwr run . --run-config "alg='fedprox' proximal-mu=0.0001 num-shards-per-partition=2"` | 
| FedProx (0.001)| `flwr run . --run-config "alg='fedprox' proximal-mu=0.001 num-shards-per-partition=2"` | 
| FedRS ($\alpha$=0.5)| `flwr run . --run-config "alpha=0.5 num-shards-per-partition=2"` | 
| FedRS ($\alpha$=0.9) | `flwr run . --run-config "alpha=0.9 num-shards-per-partition=2"` | 

### Commands for C100-100-20 (CIFAR-100 with 100 clients and 20 shards per client)

|  | Command
| ----------- | ----- | 
| FedAvg (default) | `flwr run . --run-config num-shards-per-partition=20 dataset='cifar100'` | 
| FedProx (0.0001)| `flwr run . --run-config "alg='fedprox' proximal-mu=0.0001 num-shards-per-partition=20 dataset='cifar100'` | 
| FedProx (0.001)| `flwr run . --run-config "alg='fedprox' proximal-mu=0.001 num-shards-per-partition=20 dataset='cifar100'` | 
| FedRS ($\alpha$=0.5)| `flwr run . --run-config "alpha=0.5 num-shards-per-partition=20 dataset='cifar100'` | 
| FedRS ($\alpha$=0.9) | `flwr run . --run-config "alpha=0.9 num-shards-per-partition=20 dataset='cifar100'` | 

> After 1000 server steps, the accuracy results are as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After 1000 FL rounds, the accuracy results are as follows:
```

> 

Reviewer: @flydump @jafermarq Given the commands for C10-100-2 and C100-100-20 are provided, maybe worth to complete the table with the more results?
